Put on a mask and don a false identity
I'm broken down into my core
Blood dripping, head is splitting,
Words are falling free
I can't take it anymore
One by one it's over, this silence can't get louder
Bolt my jaw shut and throw away, away, away the key
Just one second longer
A speed run to game over
I am a fatality...
I'm holding onto, onto, onto nothing
I've begun crashing, crashing, crashing hard
Let me feel panic, panic, panic again
Set ablaze, I'll shine brighter than the stars
and I'll finally see ten-thousand others just like me
Filling up the night sky, we'll never be lonely
Take me up where I can feel the zero gravity
Come on, Come and be free
Come on, Come and see...
I'll cross my heart and swear I'll never be like that
With the tears seeping through the laughs
Blood dripping, guts are spilling
old fears come for me
How long can I last?
One by one it's over, this screaming can't get louder
Bolt my jaw shut and throw away, away, away the key
Just one second longer, A speed run to game over
I'm praying for serenity...
I'm holding onto, onto, onto nothing
I've begun crashing, crashing, crashing hard
Let me feel panic, panic, panic again
Set ablaze, I'll shine brighter than the stars
and I'll finally see ten-thousand others just like me
Filling up the night sky, we'll never be lonely
Take me up where I can feel the zero gravity
Come on, Come and be free
Come on, Come and see...
I'm holding onto, onto, onto nothing
I've begun crashing, crashing, crashing hard
Let me feel panic, panic, panic again
Set ablaze, I'll shine brighter than...
The Stars
and I'll finally see ten-thousand others just like me
Filling up the night sky, we'll never be lonely
Take me up where I can feel the zero gravity
Come on, Come and be free
Come on, Come and see
Make it a secret, Think you can keep it?
I'm not okay and I'll never be the same
Let's make a surprise, Set a date and time
Don't let them know
I won't say goodbye before I go..